Saturday night has arrived, and Saturday night belongs to Snick.
There were video games.
Then came virtual reality. Simulated lifelike perspective that makes you feel like you're there.
But now there's something that blows virtual reality completely away.
Actual reality.
Feel the weight of the ball, because you're actually holding the ball.
Feel the wind as you move, because you're actually outside.
Feel the high-five, because you're actually there.
Nickelodeon wants you to tune in to the most advanced system ever created.
Yourself.
Actual reality.
Nothing else comes close.
Brought to you by Spunky's Doggy Treats.
It's Sunday.
August.
21st.
And it's Nickelodeon's Ask Questions Day.
Why is the sky blue?
How do birds fly?
What makes the grass grow?
Who's he?
Where's that?
When's this?
Asking questions is a great way to learn, isn't it?
Today asks lots and lots of questions, and see what you can find out.
Um, any questions?
Tomorrow is Exercise Day, right here, where every day is a Nick day.
Hey, dude.
What do you think of Ted?
I count on Ted's experience.
It's usually a big mistake, but I do it.
Yeah, we're tight.
We guys gotta stick together.
Ted who?
Y'all don't like the guy.
Do I know what's Ted?
When everything's go wrong, I turn to Ted.
Because it's probably his fault.
Are you sure you don't mean Ned or Fred?
Ted.
Part of the gang here on Hey Dude.
Oh, Ted McGrath.
Never heard of him.
Only on Nickelodeon.
Now it's time for the Pizza Head Show.
Hey everybody, our team's playing a big game right now,
but I'm really excited because afterwards we're all going to Pizza Hut.
Yay!
Not so fast, Pizza Head.
Coach Steve says you're in the game.
Sure he is.
And he wants you to stop this penalty kick by exchange student Hans.
Watch that rebound.
He scores!
See you next time.
Love you, Twizzlers.
Pull and peel.
I make toys.
We play games.
I got an A plus.
He loves me not.
No batteries needed.
Blurs, pull and peel.
Chewy, delicious cherry flavored candy with nothing to pick up.
Mr. Franklin, I'm surprised.
I finished my report, sir.
No, I'm referring to your Apple Jacks.
You love them.
Yes, Mr. Williams, you would.
It seems to me something called Apple Jacks should.
Tastes like apple.
Precisely.
Are they supposed to taste like apple?
Keep eating.
That isn't why we like them.
Enlighten me.
Uh, we just do.
Yeah.
Kill lots of Apple Jacks cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
We love it.
Pop in.
We're going up one.
Where?
The barbie.
And apple pie.
On the grill.
We order.
More apple pie.
The barbie McDonald's restaurant play set with drive-thru that really talks.
You put it together, dolls and car not included.
Saturday night, Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday morning.
There's nothing wrong with your TV.
I'm in black and white for a reason.
I'm demonstrating how you can take something old, like a black and white movie,
and suddenly make it seem new again.
All through the modern miracle of colorization.
Voila.
Here I am.
Of course, this colorization technique isn't always totally accurate.
There.
That's better.
At least it's one way to make something old look like something new.
And that's exactly what I have to do for Mr. Batenback's history class.
Take something old, tired and worn out, and reinvent it.
Well, you can't get more worn out than these sneakers.
But with a little help from Dad's trusty magic markers?
Good as new.
Only better.
And what about these jeans?
You've seen them once, you've seen them a thousand times,
but by just roughing them up.
Now new jeans look like old jeans, which makes them even newer jeans.
It's a whole new concept.
I guess it's just a matter of looking at an old thing in a new light.
Sis, can I borrow five bucks?
I'd ask.
I wanted to do you the favor of helping you establish credit
with the future financial giant.
Let me take a nanosecond to think about it.
No!
Maybe some things aren't worth changing.
In that case, it's best just to get rid of them.
So, off with the old and on with the new.
Chocolate chip-flavored postage stamps?
Pairs of socks that attract each other with hidden magnets.
Could be. I'll write that one down.
Here's one.
Jelly beans that don't roll off your desk because they're flat like pancakes.
How about pancakes that don't stick to the ceiling because they're shaped like jelly beans?
Damn, why would pancakes be stuck to the ceiling in the first place?
I don't know. I just thought it'd be fun.
Well, maybe we should try to improve something that actually has something to do with the real world.
You know, something that could actually make our lives better.
Mr. Bowdenback just wants us to take something old and make it new.
How can that improve our lives?
Well, if it's something old and really annoying,
we can make it new by getting rid of the annoying part.
Hey, I know.
Isn't it really annoying the way you can never get a roll of toilet paper started
without ripping the first few sheets to shreds?
New and improved toilet paper?
Not great, but better.
I've got an idea.
What's the most annoying, obnoxious, irritating thing about school assemblies?
Mrs. Pringle twickers' beautiful thoughts of the day.
That's pretty annoying.
That's true, but I'm talking about the school anthem.
If that ancient excuse for a song doesn't need improving, I don't know what does.
Hey, we can give it rhythm. We can give it soul.
We can give it that hip-hop happening sound.
Maybe even a few lyrics besides Thomas Tumper High.
Who says you can't teach an old song new tricks?
So let's improve the anthem.
Great. We can work on it now.
Okay, but first I've got to run to the one-hour photo place.
What for?
My dad dropped off some pictures of him and that guy from the Highlight Halftime show.
Wow.
So I promised him I'd pick him up.
Okay.
I'll know the azuki beans.
The what?
I promised my mom I'd pick him up for dinner.
She's really going to be steamed.
What's the big deal? It's just beans.
That's the problem. It's not just beans.
Okay. I forgot to program the VCR to tape that painting show.
A dab here, a dab there.
And two days ago she was picking me up and I was a half an hour late.
I'd been forgetting her stuff all week.
Well, we've been kind of busy at school.
Yeah, but now mom won't be able to make her azuki bean burritos.
Azuki bean burritos?
Makes you appreciate frozen pizza.
Yeah. And some old things you don't want to make new.
Like what?
Mom's leftovers.
I better get going.
See you later.
What are you doing? I've been looking all over for you.
Oh, um, oh, it's nothing. I've been here all the time.
Well, didn't you hear me call?
Well, I guess I just got absorbed in what I was doing.
Mom, I forgot the azuki beans.
What's that?
I know you asked me to pick them up and I know I've been forgetting stuff all week,
but I've been really busy at school.
Oh, don't worry about it.
I can go get them now.
Oh, never mind you. I know how busy you are.
But...
It's no big deal.
But I...
I can make do with that.
Mom, are you okay?
I'm fine.
Okay, I'm going now.
Okay.
I'll see you later.
Yell if you need anything.
Okay, dear.
Yell if you don't need anything.
Okay.
Yell if my real mom has been kidnapped by aliens and you're a pod person.
Ferguson, that's your fifth lemonade break in an hour.
Dad.
We deserve a break.
Refinishing furniture is hard work.
I think these fumes are starting to get to me.
I guess I'll have some too.
There you go.
Thanks.
You know, Ferguson, I really appreciate you pitching in to help.
Oh, sure.
No way I figure it.
However much we sell this worthless old furniture for is pure profit.
Ferguson, we are not selling this worthless old furniture.
I happen to love this worthless old furniture.
Dad.
Love and profit have nothing to do with one another.
I mean, we deserve something for our manual labor.
Well, how about the satisfaction of a job well done?
All right.
One old chair.
Just let me sell off one old chair.
Yeah, I'll think about it.
Hey.
Hi, Clarissa.
Would you like some lemonade?
Or perhaps I could interest you in a beautiful antique chair
expertly refinished by skilled artisans.
Notice the faux graining.
Thanks, but I think I'll stick with the lemonade.
All right.
Dad, don't let Ferguson tuck you into anything.
What?
No, Ferguson would never talk me in anything, would you?
Never.
Here you go.
Expertly squeezed by a skilled sucker.
Thanks.
Hey, Dad, have you noticed anything different about Mom?
No.
Why?
What about you, Ferguson?
Hmm.
Did she cut her hair?
You know us guys don't notice those things.
Yeah, so neither of you noticed anything different.
No?
No, no.
She seems fine.
Well, just wondering.
I mean, Mom's been real busy lately, but that's natural.
Uh, Ferguson, can you pass me that rag?
Sure, Dad.
Thanks.
OK, Ferguson, back to work.
But I haven't finished my lemonade.
Come on, Ferguson.
Oh, right, Ferguson.
Mom, you dropped one of yours.
To the best mom in the world.
Every day is your day.
You are loved by all.
Weird.
What is this?
A Mother's Day card?
Did we forget Mother's Day?
When is Mother's Day?
And who is she making this card for?
It must be for the kids at the Children's Museum to copy.
She couldn't be making it for herself.
Could she?
Now, where did I put that date book?
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
How come nobody told me it's Mother's Day?
Well, because it's not.
Are you sure?
Sure, I'm sure.
Pretty sure.
My mom always calls me from the road on Mother's Day.
I think she called me.
Well, it's not this Sunday.
It's not next Sunday or the Sunday after that.
Or that.
When is Mother's Day anyway?
Why are you so anxious for it to be Mother's Day?
If it's not Mother's Day, my mom's getting weird on me.
Look at what she was working on all afternoon.
To the best mom in the world.
Why would your mom be making a Mother's Day card?
Good question.
Maybe it's for her mom.
But it's not Mother's Day.
All right.
Well, is she the type of person
who buys Christmas presents in July?
Maybe she's just planning ahead.
You know, Sam,
I've got the funniest feeling she's making cards for herself.
What?
And I think I'm to blame.
How?
All that stuff I've been forgetting.
That doesn't sound so bad.
Is there anything else?
Besides forgetting stuff?
Well, let's see.
She did get kind of quiet last night at dinner
when I mentioned taking the PSATs and then going to college.
That's it.
ENS.
ENS?
Okay.
What is ENS?
Empty Ness Syndrome.
Empty Ness Syndrome?
You know,
when the little itsy-bitsy baby birds
go up to learn how to flap their little wings,
we'll soon they'll take off in the room.
The big old mommy bird has a big old empty nest.
No one to feed worms to.
So you think my mom's afraid
that we're all going to be leaving the nest soon?
That's right.
She's feeling unwanted, unneeded.
She's wondering what to do with those worms.
But my mom's so independent.
Plus I'm not even gone yet.
And there'll still be Ferguson.
Nobody can forget that.
I know he can't wait till I leave.
So should I go get my dad's book on ENS
or do you just want to work on our school anthem?
Let's just work on the anthem.
How about, uh,
oh, mom, what's wrong with her?
I'll just be getting those books.
Thanks, Sam.
Hi, Clarissa.
We love you.
We don't want to leave.
Who's leaving?
Not me.
That's for sure.
Lisa, are you okay?
Yeah, great.
Are you?
Fine.
Listen, I just want to let you know
I won't be home for dinner.
You won't be home for dinner?
Well, you're not the only ones
who lead independent lives of your own.
But I know you guys can pen for yourselves.
But we can't pen for ourselves
as well as you can pen for ourselves.
You'll be fine.
What's the basket for?
Oh, it's just a little something
I'm doing to make someone feel good.
You mean it makes you feel good?
Well, yes.
In a way, it does make me feel good.
Clarissa?
The castle on the bottom of the fridge
will be delicious heated up.
Thanks, Mom.
Well, it looks like Mom's overcompensating
for this ENS thing
by flying the coop herself.
I better do something fast
before she gets any more cuckoo.
For Clarissa, more Snake after this.
Camp Nowhere, rated PG,
starts Friday, August 26th.
Totally bored.
Okay, somebody get the food.
You got the apple jacks.
Yes!
What are you dweebs doing?
Say your beeswax.
You like that stuff?
We love it.
It's called apple jacks, you know?
Really?
And it doesn't taste like apple.
That isn't why we like it anyway.
Really? Then why?
None of your beeswax.
Yeah!
Calyx, apple jack,
carrot, as far as it's complete breakfast,
we eat what we like.
I think it's every parent's dream,
maybe, to have a doctor in the family.
Watching.
Snake!
And now, back to Clarissa explains it all.
Okay.
I think it's time for a darling family update.
Here's what's been happening.
Sam and I are still trying to come up
with a school anthem you can groove to.
Thomas Tupper High.
Oh Lord, oh God,
Tupper High.
Supper High.
Dior High.
Ferguson and Dad's idea of fixing up old chairs
is turning into a brush with disaster.
Mom's tearing through the arts and crafts bin
for the mother's day in her mind.
Hey, give the gift that keeps on giving
the one you give yourself.
Do I mind that my mom flipped out?
Yes.
Diagnosis.
major bad case of ENS, empty nest syndrome.
So what's a poor daughter to do?
Count the days till I leave for good?
I've got a better idea.
I've hatched a plan.
I'm about to make my mom feel so needed in her nest,
the only thing she'll need will be a break.
Hi, Mom.
I don't know what it is with my hair,
but do you think I could give me a hand?
Oh, well, sure.
I haven't brushed your hair for you
since you were a little girl.
You were always so much better at it than I was.
Maybe you could braid it.
You want me to braid your hair?
You used to braid it for me.
Well, not since you were five years old.
Well, who says those days have to end?
I miss those days.
I miss those braids.
Well, I'm sure you know how to braid your hair yourself.
Oh, let me get that lemonade.
Ferguson, we haven't even started working yet.
Oh, yeah, I know, Dad, but I need to build up my energy.
I'm still worn out from yesterday.
Honestly, I did not know this project was
going to take this long.
Yeah, well, maybe if we took fewer breaks, you know.
Dad, the more we energize, the more productive
we'll be once we finally get started.
Hey, Ferguson, maybe Mom could help you be more productive.
Your mom's busy, Clarissa.
Yeah, and I'm playing productive when I want to be.
Oh, really?
Well, that's because Mom, after all,
she's the one who taught us how to flap our wings.
I mean, Mom's always got a few good pointers.
Clarissa, what are you talking about?
Mom, Ferguson needs you to teach
him how to be productive.
I do not.
Oh, yes, you do.
Mom, we love your pep talks.
Pep talks?
Yeah, we depend on you to keep us going, right, Ferguson?
You're sending in your eye?
No.
I mean, yeah, Mom, I need you to help me get something
out of my eye.
What's with her?
I don't know.
Let's go, Ferguson.
Clarissa, I don't see anything.
Oh, well, you must have gotten it.
I feel so much better.
Great, but I don't think I did anything.
Must have been an eyelash.
You just have that magic mom touch.
Hey, Mom, do you think the shirt goes with this,
or should I change it to that green one?
Since when do you need help picking out your clothes?
A girl always needs her mom's clothes advice.
I may not always follow it, but let's just
say I'm finally mature enough to admit how much I need it.
Clarissa, if anything, I would go to you for clothes advice.
You've already left me way behind.
No, I haven't.
What do you mean?
You are the best cook around here.
I don't know what I'd do if it wasn't for your neck for food.
Do you think maybe you could pack my lunch for me tomorrow?
I stopped packing your lunches for you years ago.
How about once for old times' sake?
Well, Clarissa, I think it's better if you do it for yourself.
That way you get the things you like.
Mom, let's get something straight.
Uh-huh.
I need a glass of milk.
Yeah, a glass of milk.
Don't watch for plan A. I guess
she's just so busy showering herself with attention
that she's not getting from anywhere else,
that she doesn't need any attention from me.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
How this?
Tommy's tougher high.
Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy, Tommy's tougher high.
Definitely hip-er, but can't it stand the test of time?
Well, honestly, it could be the start of a whole new song
cycle.
Tommy's tougher, the high school wizard.
Can't even go on Broadway.
Could be a sensation.
Well, I got an idea.
Let's go downstairs and ask my mom.
Your mom?
Well, she's still singing E&S blues.
Look, Sam, every day is now Mother's Day
in the House of Darling.
I tried to make her feel needed,
but I think all I did was confuse her.
I think you should just talk to her.
I tried.
She's so distracted.
Well, why not just tell her to save E&S
for when the nest is really empty?
You're right, she's got premature E&S.
She'll snap out of it.
Look, I've got to clean up my nest.
Me and my room.
Bye, Clarissa.
Bye, Sam.
I guess the nest will really be empty soon enough.
I'll be going to college.
I'll be living away from home hundreds, maybe
thousands of miles away.
Never to come home to roost again.
The rain.
I'll always remember the rain.
Standing there, afraid to go, afraid to stay.
It seemed to wash away all thought, all time, all my life.
And finally, I could see the world clearly,
finally, when it would do me no good.
Clarissa, I made you this pound cake.
Hope it's all right.
I only have half a pound of sugar.
Mother, you didn't need to do that.
I know.
You don't need me to do anything for you anymore.
You can do it all for yourself.
Now that's just foolishness.
My visit was only yesterday you were so tiny.
My little girl, and now, and now, and now you're all grown up.
You must be strong.
Let me dry your tears.
Be your little girl.
This will always be home.
And I will always have time for you.
Mother, I have to go.
I can't say goodbye.
I can't say, or a voile.
Please don't touch for you.
You grow up.
You start doing everything for yourself.
You leave home to make it on your own.
Hey, is that any way to treat a mom?
Why didn't I think of this before?
If my mom has a premature case of empty nest syndrome,
I must have a premature case of LNS, leaving nest syndrome.
Is this a contagious disease or what?
I better spend some quality time with my mom
before our time together is over.
And my premature LNS gets even worse.
Hi, Carissa.
You sure are spending a lot of time up here.
Oh, it's just something I'm working on.
I know, Mom.
I understand.
And Mom, I was just wondering if maybe we
could spend some more quality time together.
Quality time?
Yeah, you know.
Girl to girl, woman to woman, mother to daughter,
that kind of thing.
Oh, well, sure.
What should we do?
Maybe we should just talk.
Great idea.
So what do you want to talk about?
I don't know.
What about Mobius strips?
Mobius strips?
What about them?
You know what's so cool about them?
That there's no inside or outside,
that there's only one side?
Yeah.
Do you know that reminds me of my very first boyfriend?
Timmy Hackensash.
My sixth great sweetheart.
He really was into origami.
So I folded up this note to him.
Only by mistake, I wrote the note on the back of my homework.
Do you like it?
I don't remember.
But it's the first time I got a bad mark for neatness.
Can you believe it?
I just remembered.
I had a dream last night about math.
I was a fraction on the run from an eraser.
Wow, how astray.
You have the most amazing imagination.
Actually, we were all fractions.
You, me, Dad, Bergson, I wonder what it means.
Well, dreams are so strange that...
I've got it.
What?
Well, in my dream, we were all different fractions.
But together, we added up to a whole, a unit, a family.
What a nice thought.
Sometimes isn't everything just great.
Yeah, it's nice to see you feeling so, um...
Great?
Yeah, it's great.
Now, I really better get going.
Going? Where are you going?
Oh, I just have to drop something off.
But we just sat down together.
Clarissa, I'll be back.
But you've been so busy, and I just wanted to spend some time with you.
Well, usually, you're the one who's so busy.
I know, and I'm sorry, and...
I won't forget any more of your stuff, and...
and it's not that you don't matter anymore.
What? Really? It's fine. I'm pretty busy myself.
Now, I really better get going.
Well, where are you going? I'll go with you.
Clarissa, we can spend some time together later.
Later? Later? Soon it'll be too late.
Dear, what's gotten into you?
Don't get so worked up.
Look, if you'd really like, you can help me deliver this basket to Mrs. Flinchrod.
Mrs. Flinchrod?
Who's Mrs. Flinchrod?
You know her. She's that very sweet old lady who volunteered for the children's museum.
And she's been ill some time now, and...
lately she took a turn for the worse, so she needed some extra cheering up.
And the kids and I have been making her gifts and bringing her little surprises.
Oh.
She's been such a great mom to all of us, and we want her to know she's appreciated.
So all the cards and flowers were for...
Mrs. Flinchrod.
Oh. In other words, all this stuff you've been preoccupied with is kind of like a
every day's Mother's Day for Mrs. Flinchrod sort of thing?
She's a great lady. It's a shame she's not feeling well.
You can come along.
Sure.
And all this time I thought you were suffering from ENF.
What?
You know, empty nest syndrome because someday I'm gonna leave home and you're gonna miss me.
I will miss you and you will leave home someday, and...
Who knows? Go to college, travel around the world in a balloon, maybe get married.
But you're not gonna do it tomorrow, are you?
Me? Boy, I hope not.
Well, I better get going.
To Mrs. Flinchrod's edit.
Wait, I'm coming.
This ENF thing is just something we're gonna have to get through together.
Janet?
Oh.
Is that the old rocker from my college store?
Yeah, doesn't it look great?
It really does.
Yeah. First it looked old, now it looks antique.
I think this quaint old thing could fetch a pretty penny.
Nice idea, Ferguson, but you're not selling it.
Oh, Mom, you didn't even know you had it.
But now I do. This is great.
This chair took 28 lemonade breaks.
Well, it will be just perfect for my old age when the kids leave home once you're hurry.
So, how'd your school anthem go?
It was a big hit.
This is a Thomas. Thomas told me what's the deal.
We've got you on our minds from the lockers to the fields.
Since you gotta go to school, Thomas' supper is no place.
So when we graduate, we'll be out of your face.
Oh, that's great.
You know, you two songwriters might really be going places.
Don't rush us, Mom.
Right now, I'm staying right here.
This is the Crafts Built 2000, also known as the Gashmaster.
Its 17-inch blade with 248 steel teeth can slice a telephone pole in half in 9.2 seconds.
The way I see it, anything with 248 teeth should not be allowed in a school.
If you screw up using the Crafts Built 2000 or the Neurtron F7 grinder or the Impreg rotary lathe,
best case, you'll go home minus a thorax.
You see, my philosophy is simple.
In a world where there are literally 10 million ways to mutilate yourself on a normal day,
why go messing around with tools?
It was a philosophy that I based my entire life and school schedule around.
That is, until one fateful day last spring, when the school schedule gods were in the mood to bust my clams.
Because when my new schedule arrived, I saw the one word that I prayed I'd never see.
Shop.
I can't be sadder than she'd been for having been in the dark and thin.
Tools.
They're loud.
They're sharp.
And they can kill you.
And what do you end up with after risking your limbs in life?
A spice rack.
Is there anything more pointless in life than a spice rack?
And is making a spice rack worth the loss of a body part that I've come to know and love?
Obviously the schedule gods must think so.
Either that or they're into spicy food.
And that's where my story begins, in the dungeon that I shot.
Real funny.
Put my head into a vise.
Can you take it out now?
It's so funny.
Why aren't you laughing, corn boy?
Mike, please don't put his head in the vise.
What are you, his dad?
As a matter of fact, I am his dad.
Oh.
Luckily, like a lot of Socketheads, Endless Mike Hellstrom was very easy to confuse.
He was one of those high school lifers who always seemed to be in shop.
You know the type.
Guys with names like Harley and Fleck.
Well, here's something you might not have known.
Socketheads rule their turf.
You need a tool.
You come to me.
You need a nut.
Nail, screw, bolt, nut.
You come to me.
You need a safety goggles or a helmet.
And maybe you pay attention and you follow the rules of the class.
Mr. Slurm, he might let you work on a special project.
Questions?
What's a special project?
If you deserve to know.
What's that supposed to mean?
Who cares?
I don't want to have anything to do with Slurm's special project.
I'm just going to sit in the back, get my C, and see you later shop class.
Now, I heard all about Slurm's special project.
It's a cryogenic freezer who wants to freeze his own head when he dies.
Really?
Uh-uh, it's an anti-ballistic fragmentary explosive.
What, you guys never heard of those?
Teddy, you can't make a bomb in shop class.
Want to bet?
Besides, I heard that Slurm wants to get the guy back who?
Oh yeah, there was something I forgot to tell you about Mr. Slurm.
Nobody knew how he lost it, but just like his special project,
practically everyone had a theory.
I already cut it off himself so we could be part tool.
Uh-uh, landmine.
We're calling Delta 67.
Another theory was that Slurm made his claw
and all its attachments himself in shop class.
Wood, theory and practice.
I couldn't believe that I actually had to sit there
and listen to this ratchet brain babble on about wood.
And what was the story with all those attachments?
And I couldn't figure out whether everyone else had been lulled
into a hypnotic trance by Slurm's sideshow
or if they were seriously into it.
Perhaps you could tell us the most sullen wood
we've discussed so far, Mr. Wrigley.
Nagahide?
Mahogany?
Uh, I mean, walnut?
So much for vanishing.
Right then I decided that I had too much at stake
to cross this guy.
It was only the first day and already Slurm had me pegged.
But while one Pete was busted,
the other Pete was in business.
When he heard I was taking shop,
he took an after-school job as an insurance salesman.
Boys, when you least expect it, expect it.
But Pete wasn't selling car insurance
or homeowners insurance.
Pete was in the dismemberment business.
He had a chart that showed every body part
and their value in cash and merchandise.
Bill was the only one who bit Pete's bait.
I sure didn't, because there was no way
that I was even going near the power tools.
The Craftsbilt is not a toy.
And it is not just a tool.
It is the Cadillac of sores.
Use it carefully.
12 years ago, a Mr. Naby didn't.
One hair of his got caught around the Craftsbilt
patented acu-chrome spinning drive shaft.
The rest of his scalp quickly followed.
Who'd like to cut something with the TS-4?
Or as you'll soon be calling it, ah, yes.
How about?
I will, Mr. Slurm.
Thankfully, Ellen saved my thorax for the moment.
But what I didn't know was that Ellen
wasn't really saving me.
She was leaving me, because within a week,
Ellen had turned into a slur-moy.
Did you know that a blowtorch burns
with the same intensity as the Earth's core?
If you stare into the flame long enough, you can see its soul.
Want to look, Pete?
I knew that Ellen had a history of going a little, well,
overboard at times.
But this was ridiculous.
I don't think of it as melting the metal.
I think of it as setting it free.
The adventures of Pete and Pete will be right back on Snack.
Nuts and honey?
Oh, I bet I can.
It's a break for the taste of honey nut Cheerios.
Part of this complete breakfast.
A win.
Yeah, but losing.
Never tasted so sweet.
So where's the bee?
You can look real hard, and he'll magically appear
in these 3D pictures on the back of Mark's boxes
of honey nut Cheerios.
You know what happened to Stanley Ipkis
when he put on the mask?
OK.
But wait till you see what happens to his dog Milo.
Together, get your dog away from me.
Sorry, it seems to be attracted to you.
They're taking a fight out of crime.
Jim Carrey is the mask.
This has got to be a new breed.
Rated PG-13, now playing everywhere.
No, but I got you some of your own.
Caution.
These tools look real.
Cool tools.
Look at the bee.
Cool, cool, cool.
Cool tools.
Ready for real metal tools?
You can get cool tools.
Keep them in your handy tool belt or in your cool tools
toolbox.
You got my tape measure.
Uh, that's it.
Yeah.
Cool, cool, cool.
Cool tools.
Tools, belt, and toolbox.
Each sold separately, batteries not included.
Now, back to the adventures of Pete and Pete as
we continue.
It didn't take long for me to realize that I was the only
kid in that class who just wanted to get a seat and
get out of shop forever.
It's Danish modern.
That is, until our midterm projects were due.
You were once a kid.
Deep.
You see, Slurm had his own way of grading.
Airless.
C minus.
The caligari technique.
Very good young lady.
B plus.
He liked it, Pete.
But you'll get to work on a special project.
I can't believe you want to work on that thing.
Why not?
It would be an honor.
An honor.
Are you kidding?
Slurm is a...
Uh, Mr. Wrigley.
Well, well, well, well, well.
I want everyone to look at what Mr. Wrigley has done.
What are you laughing at, Mike?
Well, I...
There's real poetry here.
Yes.
Real feeling, Mr. Wrigley.
Come with me, young man.
You'll sit here till the end of the term.
You're going to be part of my special project team.
Right alongside Mike.
Him?
Hmm?
For the rest of the semester, Mr. Wrigley, you and I...
The adventures of Pete and Pete will be right back on-stack.
Okay, what'd you guys do with the corn pops?
No corn pops this time, Haskell.
Get some rest.
The game today.
No calyx corn pops?
Would they do that to me?
Nah.
Okay, hand them over.
Hand over what?
Okay, fine.
Pinheads play with Dalmy.
I want my pops.
Oh, would that taste like sweet crunchy popcorn?
If I can't have them, I don't play.
Well, there.
Hey, Askham, don't let them get to you.
Me?
I just want to get out there and play.
Kellogg's corn pops cereal is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
The 20 minutes that can change your life.
Inside your body is a better body.
Millions have discovered how good it feels to be tone and alert
instead of overweight and sluggish.
Discover just how easy it is to obtain your Nordic track body
with Nordic track.
The world's best aerobic exerciser.
In as little as 20 minutes a day,
you can accomplish your weight loss and fitness goals
with Nordic track.
I was able to take off 57 pounds.
I lost 10 pounds since I started with my Nordic track.
Only Nordic track has a patented flywheel
and one-way clutch mechanism
to create a smooth, natural exercise motion
that burns calories fast up to 1100 an hour.
And Nordic track gives results in just 12 weeks.
In a recent study, Nordic track users
lost an average of 18 pounds.
Plus, they also lowered their blood pressure
an average of 12%.
You can do it in as little as 20 minutes a day
with Nordic track.
I changed my life in just 20 minutes a day
three times a week with Nordic track.
Call today for your free video in brochure.
Now, back to the Adventures of Pete and Pete
as Steve continues.
It took me exactly three seconds
to learn one thing about Slurm's special project.
There was nothing special about it.
Use the chop saw
and make me a circular form.
And this time, Mr. Wrigley, don't cue me.
I had become Slurm's personal power tool.
I sawed, sanded, drilled, hammered.
Every day my limbs were in danger.
And if that weren't bad enough,
Slurm never told me what I was working on.
Never.
All I knew was that he kept it hidden from the world
in a cabinet that was never opened.
No one else seemed too concerned about it.
But no matter how hard I tried,
I couldn't stop wondering what was in there.
It was like some black hole
that kept trying to suck me into its whirling vortex.
What was Slurm hiding?
What difference does it make? It's a special project.
But don't you think it's a little weird
that Slurm won't tell me what it is?
It wouldn't matter to me.
How do they expect me to work with metal this soft?
It's like cheese.
Maybe it is an anti-ballistic fragmentary explosive.
I think you're going a little overboard, Pete.
I don't trust you, Noah.
If the special project wasn't something bad or dangerous,
why wouldn't he tell me what it is?
I'm working on it.
Don't worry about it. Why don't you just ask Mike what it is?
Mike who?
Mike.
Mike Hellstrom.
Since when did you start calling endless Mike, Mike?
Whenever I call him Mike, he helps me out.
Oh boy, that, uh, crass belt sure does ride like a Cadillac, huh?
So can you believe what Slurm has us making, huh, Mike?
Nice try, Carrot Head, about cutting me a two-by-a-ply.
Thanks, saw boy.
So much for the my-friend-Mike approach.
I thought about going to the police
or even Vice Principal Lergner, but I had no evidence.
They would have just laughed at my face.
Somehow, I had to sneak a look at the plans to the special project.
I knew I couldn't do it alone.
So I decided to get by with a little help from my friends.
Mr. Slurm, there's somebody outside who needs to see you.
To make sure my scheme went smoothly, I took out a little insurance.
Sir, may I have a moment of your time?
No, you may not.
You'll be sorry.
It was a policy I knew would deliver.
Getting Slurm out of my way was the easy part.
It was diverting endless Mike that made me a little squirmy.
Our research shows that 47% of all people who experience one misfortune
will experience another.
Ah, jeez. I'm sorry.
I guess I should have used the chap saw, huh, Mike?
Didn't I tell you never to cut against the grain of the wood?
To Ridley, I forgot to tell you, project's over.
What?
Yes, it's finished.
You've completed the requirements for this course.
I said it's finished, Mr. Ridley.
Now, return to your regular table.
So I was free.
Free from being Slurm's slave.
I should have been the happiest I've ever been.
But for some strange reason, I wasn't.
Could Slurm have known that I was on to him?
And now, was he trying to keep me from getting too close to his secret?
I just couldn't shake the sinking feeling that I had helped Slurm
build something evil.
Who knows what that twisted psycho had me working on?
If only I had proof of what he was up to,
I'd nail that freak show for sure.
So on the night before our final class,
I decided to find out for myself.
Once and for all.
Who's there? Who's there?
I know somebody's out there to Ridley.
I've been waiting for you.
Good.
Because there's something I want to talk to you about.
I want...
I demand to know what I've been working on.
You demand?
Sit down, Mr. Slurm. Are you comfortable?
Now, what is it exactly that you're looking for?
You know, the anti-ballistic fragmentary explosive.
With that cryogenic chamber.
Cryogenic chamber?
Well, that's a new one.
Cryogenic.
Tell me what it is!
Relax, Mr. Ridley. Calm down.
Are you comfortable?
Stop asking me that.
Well, I want to know because I am very comfortable.
I have been ever since you finished building this air conditioner for my office.
That's it?
An air conditioner?
That's the special project?
Oh, Mr. Ridley, give yourself a little more credit.
This isn't just an air conditioner. Look.
He has three settings. Low, medium, and over here we have high.
I prefer medium. You feel that?
That's not fair.
Fair.
You have no idea what fair is, Mr. Ridley.
What's fair is when someone thinks it's worthless to take shop
and so he makes worthless things because he has no respect for the wood
or what he can do with it,
what's fair is for that worthless student to get an F.
Now, what's not fair is when something's taken away from you at a very young age
before you have the chance to discover its power.
Every year there's one just like you.
And every year we make a little deal and in the end everyone's happy.
I get what I want and you get your C.
Now there's one more favor we can do for each other.
Don't bother coming to class tomorrow.
You don't want to be here. I don't want you here.
Besides, you couldn't make a shopping block if you tried.
So take your C and see it later.
Ridley, what are you doing?
Making something.
Well, make sure you turn off the light after you make it.
And Mr. Ridley, don't forget to turn off my air conditioner when you leave.
Don't worry, it won't hurt you.
I worked like mad all through the night.
And as I worked, I couldn't help but think about, well, everything.
Mr. Slern, his hand, the special project
and the feeling of being worthless in someone's eyes.
But I knew the truth.
Pete Ridley was better than that.
And it was time for Slern to learn it too.
The next morning, I was ready to get the grade I deserved.
Metal never looks as lovely as when it's been set free.
Excellent job, Miss Hickle.
A.
Well, Mr. Ridley, it looks like you've used the 5 eighths bit here.
7 eighths, sir.
Oh, yes, I can see that.
And this was cut with the Craftsville 2000.
Just the base.
Really?
On a piece that narrow.
I could never get it to do that.
Nice touch, Mr. Ridley.
B plus.
Okay.
So maybe I didn't exactly slay him.
But at least I proved that I could do it.
And I guess that's what Mr. Slern wanted me to learn all along.
He just had his own way of teaching me.
And even though I still think that tools are loud, sharp and can kill you.
When you make something you're proud of, sometimes it's worth the risk.
Basking in the glow of the big orange couch.
The snake will continue after these messages.
I'll take one.
4095, 4098, 7000.
There you go.
Thanks again.
Hey, Ren, guess what?
Let's see.
Am I going to have to kill you?
Maybe.
Well, who was it?
It was a nice man who will change the way we live forever.
What are you talking about, you idiot?
Wait here. I'll be right back.
What? I suppose you bought another stupid subscript.
Huh?
Hey, Ren, look what I just bought.
Why, I oughta...
Hold it.
Before you smack me, let me extol the virtues of this wondrous time-saving device.
Allow me to demonstrate the full capabilities of the one and only Titan 4000.
This baby has 600 cubic inches of raw, dirt-destroying, carpet-ripping horsepower
from its turbocharged, fully-blown hemi.
Allow me to demonstrate.
Stanby, I'm really going to enjoy beating you this time coming through.
And it can suck a monkey through 30 feet of garden hose.
See, Ren, it's the last word in domestic technology.
Must save the brain!
And it's ours for only 12,000 easy monthly payments.
How do you do, neighbor? You look like a man who could use a good can of sal.
I...
What sal, you say?
Why, it's the wonderful goop with a jillion uses.
Where would we be today without sal?
I...
Let me ask you a question.
How do you think George Washington fit into his party dress?
Hmm...
Ow!
Let me ask you a personal question.
How do you think Columbus discovered scurvy?
Sal?
That's absolutely key, Rex!
What do you say, pal?
How many cans can I put you down for?
Hey, Ren, let's buy sal...
Oh, dare you take advantage of my blithering idiot!
Now, take your smelly old salve and get out of here!
That's for you!
Trouble with your hair?
Nothing a healthy dollop of salve couldn't take care of.
We can fashion a whole new hairstyle!
Get down from there!
How many times do I have to tell you?
Stay out of my stuff!
Playing with makeup is for grown-ups.
Not the boys like you.
Maybe someday when you're a grown man like me.
Here, why don't you keep yourself busy and clean up this mess?
That oughta keep you away from any more stupid salesmen.
Okay, Ren.
What's the matter, bub?
Out of soap again?
Well, who needs it?
Why wash away dirt the old-fashioned way
when you can hide it the all-new salve way?
A little dabble, do ya?
And how about that lemony sand?
You buy it!
Hey!
Drop that salve!
We don't want no salve!
Hey, Steepie, hurry up with that jelly sandwich.
Five, four, nine, twelve, one.
Bingo!
Hey, don't use jelly.
Have a salve which instead.
It's indigestible.
Wow!
Give me a hundred bucks worth.
All right, that's it.
What did I tell you about buying ointment from food?
I've had it.
I'll show you what we do to parasitic salesmen pigs like you.
I'll teach you to swing the my idiot sidekick.
Well, that's that.
Well, I finally got rid of that pesky salesman.
Now to relax with a good buck.
Hey, buddy.
You wouldn't be in this mess now
if you had a can of salve on hand.
I can take it no longer.
You win.
A biased, inking can of your stupid salve.
Sorry, pal.
But your stupid, fat friend just bought all my salve.
Friend Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages.
Stimpy, I'm wasting away from lack of food.
I'm nothing but skin and bones.
Yeah, I'm nothing but skin and fat.
What is that delicious aroma?
Go look and see what smells so good.
It hogged down.
Food for me, food for me.
Wait a minute, I'm not stupid.
I've seen cartoons like this before.
If I set foot in that yard,
I'll probably get ripped to shreds by some enormous dog.
Go look again and see if there's a dog.
Yes, sir.
Nope.
No dog.
Oh, boy.
There's no dog,
but there's the baboon.
That's it.
All my bones asleep.
Now get in there and get me those gels.
Well, soon we eat.
Well, what have we here?
Well, I'll be.
Looks like one of the hog gels fell out of the window.
Oh, shoot.
It got all filthy.
Well, we can't let it go to waste.
Come and get it.
I gotta hand it to you, Steampie.
This is your best idea yet.
Oh, no, Ren. He's gonna get us.
Relax. Watch this.
Oh, honey, there you are.
I'm glad you're home,
because it's your turn to be mauled by the baboon.
Now go on, honey.
You remember what the man at the pet store said
about nurturing his natural behavior?
Besides, who wants the use
of having a bloodthirsty primate around the house
if you can't get mauled once in a while?
Add a girl.
This old dog never fails.
Hey, I saw it on a Sylvester the chicken cartoon once.
Hee, hee, hee, hee.
Do you remember that?
You.
Mr. Baboo.
We love you long time.
Hee, hee, hee, hee.
You doggy. Wait to try it out.
Chocolates for me?
Oh, it's so sinful.
I should eat sweets,
but I'll have just one.
I
Now pronounce you Simeon and wife
You might kiss the puppet
Oh
Look what I've got
Dinner is served
my hot jowls
So open face just like you like it you go ahead
Himby you are my girlfriend
I'll know that I
Built the entire city Seattle on the roof of my car
Now my car has wings
feathers and a beat a
Little glue a few seeds just add water
And voila
It's not what you add on to our car. That makes it more fun. It's what you take off
The Del Sol from Honda
Right now your Honda dealer is offering attractive lease rates on the Del Sol F
They may give you wrinkles, but we won't
Introducing Hager and Docker's wrinkle-free slots for kids on sale now through Saturday at the
JC penny wrinkle-free sale
You have a choice not all douches are made to work with the woman's body
This one is summer's Eve is pH balanced and hypoallergenic
So it's formulated to work with your body the summer's Eve feeling clean fresh naturally better
For every job there's a proper tool and it may not be one of these
Because when the stains get tough the top
Ultra era and now for added whitening and brightening. There's new era with bleach alternative
Not even this pre-treater and detergent hammer out top grass stains
Like era stain cutter proteins
Ultra era and new era with bleach alternative together. They're the power tools for stains
Would you spend 30 cents to have breakfast with Tony? Is this a trick question Tony the tiger?
Nothing cost 30 cents nowadays. Yeah, well here's one a serving of Kellogg's frosted flake cereal in milk cost 30 cents
So breakfast with Tony. Oh, yeah, Tony the tiger
He's a striped the tiger with a long tail and a big smile on his face
30 cents big guy just part of the value and having breakfast with Kellogg. Okay, let's hear it
Right
Well, he's right
Who'd like more cheese on their pizza?
Okay, who'd like more toppings on their pizza?
Okay, more cheese. Okay toppings more more. That's every man woman and child
It's the new little Caesar's pleasers menu more meat more cheese more pepperoni more toppings
Any two for 998 brought a guaranteed pizza pizza or get one pizza for $5.99 pizza
Hello, I'm professor Merrick today. We are conducting an experiment to see which is more stimulating
Nickelodeon magazine or a herring notice the subject reading Nickelodeon magazine is very amused
entertain while the subject reading the herring is well not
To get Nickelodeon magazine have an adult call this number. You'll get six issues for 997. It has features like
Who's news behind the scenes at Nickelodeon?
Interviews with really big stars and a comic book. You can't get anywhere else while the herring just has kind of a fishy smell
Research clearly shows Nickelodeon magazine is a better choice to get six issues for 997
Give this number to the nearest adult and tell them to call and do tell them about today's incredible experiment
On second thought just give them the number
What's the rush slick Betty and up tonight? I
Told him Betty and those really weird stories and he's been looking forward to whatever since oh
Pressure's odd. This better be good. I see what I can do a doll. You're telling a doll story
We see us the time man
Wake me up if it gets good
Come on talk
It's okay. Let him sleep
Most people think dolls are just toys, but they're really like perfect little people
Sometimes they're so lifelike that it's almost as if the doll maker took a person and shrunk them down to doll size
But that's not how dolls are really made or is it?
Submitted for the approval of the midnight society. I call this story the tale of the doll maker
Ever since she could remember Melissa spent weekends now and then at her aunt and uncle's house in the country for the first few visits
It was pretty much a total drag, but then the Henderson's moved in next door
Even though they only saw each other a few times each year
Melissa and Susan Henderson quickly became best friends
That should be here waiting for me
I'm sorry, Melissa, but
The Henderson's moved back to town early this spring, but why they love this place
Well, we don't exactly know why
Come on, let's get you settled in you must be famished
No mom the trip was fine, but the Henderson's have moved
Susan Henderson remember we hung out all the time
Now I've got nothing to do all weekend
Aunt Sally and Uncle Pete don't even have cable
Okay, okay. I love you too. Yeah, bye. Bye. Bye
Hurry up, sweetie. We don't want to be late for bingo
Got some work to do on the septic tank
Want to lend a hand
Septic tank gee sounds like fun, but uh, no, thanks
suit yourself here
Don't think you should be snooping around up here now. Come on. I'm not snooping around the front door was unlocked. So I just I
Thought maybe Susan would come back
What on earth would make you think that I?
Saw someone in the window
You probably saw me now. Come on
You won't ever come over here again
Because the Henderson's asked us to watch over the place and it's not a responsibility
I take lightly they left a lot of precious things behind
Well that that doll house alone must be worth a fortune. It's nothing for a child to play with
Oh Melissa, I don't know
It's just that I'd rather you kept away after what happened
After what? What happened? I suppose you had to find out sooner or later
Melissa the Henderson's didn't just move away last winter
Susan disappeared
What do you mean disappeared? No one knows what happened to her
One minute. She was there the next she was gone
The whole town came out
Researched everywhere her parents were heartbroken
They wanted to stay in case she came back, but
In the end they couldn't stand to live in that house any longer too many memories
They're keeping it dull
Just in case she ever comes back. Come on, sweetie
Let's go in. You shouldn't have lied to her about the Henderson rule in the first place
I didn't want to ruin her weekend
You didn't tell her what Marge Henderson said about the house, did you?
She might hear you. Anyway Marge was beside herself with grief. She didn't know what she was saying
Maybe not, but she said it pretty clearly. It was the house that got her
That's what she said. Listen to me. Come here
The sneaking begins again with are you afraid of the dark?
Lord knows why that door was ever up there in the first place. They should have boarded it up long ago
I'm sure I saw her at the end of a long corridor. There was this weird light honey. I
Know finding out about Susan was a shock. I wasn't dreaming or sleepwalking
It was as real as people except that door system will never be able to get out Melissa
Listen to what you're saying. What on earth would she be doing in the attic after all this time? I don't know
Okay, look you sit here. I'll be right back. It's the attic. I'm going to take you back to the attic
Yes, the attic. Don't worry. Everything's gonna be all right. There's gotta be another way out of here
Two doors on this side one on the other. There should be a closet right here with the ladder leading up to the
Don't go overreacting. I'm sure she'll turn up safe and sound. It's the same as Susan
It was someone else who broke into the house and for all we know
Melissa could be out going for a walk Peter. I'm worried he disappeared
Just like Susan. I did
What do you mean sweetheart? I disappeared just like Susan and I found her. What are you saying? Look! That very night
Melissa's uncle burned the dollhouse in a big bonfire in the backyard
As it went up in flames, Melissa wondered
Where the door in the Henderson's attic would lead now that there was no dollhouse left
The end. Yeah
Where would it lead to? Oh, you awake?
Yeah, yeah, not bad for a doll story. I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed
Good night everybody. You!
That's a whole nother story. I used to think it would take me years to learn the techniques
Of master woodworkers until I got my hands on the art of woodworking from time-life books
These spiral bound volumes bring you a lifetime of woodworking wisdom with safe practical step-by-step advice from expert
Woodworkers from how to select and finish wood to the secrets of perfect joinery and how to build dozens of time-saving jigs
Call this toll-free number to order cabinet-making now specially priced at just
999 use your credit card and receive this free bonus video shop secrets from master craftsman
Future woodworking volumes will arrive once about every month at the regular price of
1999 keep only those you want cancel anytime keep the free video no matter what the art of woodworking gives you the confidence to tackle any
Project and the how-to advice to complete it with results. You'll be proud of call
1800 704 38 38 to order cabinet-making now specially priced at just 999 use your credit card and get a free shop secrets video
That's 1800 704 38 38 found something that made me change the way I think Pamela blessedy
Professional Baker. It's not butter. It's something better
Crisco now in these great new sticks
They're easy to measure and they go in the cupboard not the refrigerator
So they're soft and easy to blend and right in the package is Crisco's
Irresistible peanut butter cookie recipe compared to this cookie that uses butter
Crisco stays moisture and chewier new Crisco sticks a better way to make a great cookie
cooks who know trust Crisco
People ask how can I remember to dial one 800 collect when I call collect for me this be after did the trick
But for most folks just knowing what 800 collect saves people up to 44% should suffice
Guess how many bottles of that bargain pine it would take to equal the cleaning power in one bottle of pines all cleaner
to more three no
for five
Now get pines all at a new low price every day. I'll take pines all
When is a stamp not just a stamp?
Keep your moon rocks company with no moon landing stamps from your post office or call for a free catalog
When is a stamp not just a stamp when it says American?
Norman Rockwell
Save a place for the new Norman Rockwell stamps at your post office right now or call for a free catalog
Yeah, you're such a big girl you're such a big fat girl fan is a butter ball here have a dime
Mom's family full of nothing but morons and losers not true
There are complete idiots on my side of the family too
What kind of funky you not to pie rag is that this oh tender of my loins is our family coat of arms
These patches represent who we are here. We got a couch over here
We got a toilet seat obviously before this we were squatted all you mean we settled on government property without writer title
No, I mean we didn't have a toilet seat
It's the ultimate symbol of our proud lineage go we're number one
Well, technically if you pull it we're number two
This family by three bark all my forefathers were a bunch of four losers well as the Spaniards would say
What my house is your corn meal welcome to me family
Stop using such foreign language in front of the kids no, let's get going
Let's hop on the bus. Let's drop off a keelie
Oh my goodness you look nice. Oh, they used to be such ugly babies
You're ugly babies what he said he said he's right now
We don't know who this lady is so we go in the den and watch TV. Oh, all right, but come back soon
I don't know who this lady is either
Welcome to the uncovery channel a fine, which could redefine evolution
You're a tan geek and a khaki safari outfit. You must be the archeologist
My gene was digging in the lake bed when we found the creature
He was standing upright at four toes on each foot and wore an orange product held with a blue tie
Were you able to piece together an image of this early being here is
Amazing and you say this primitive had a wide variety of tools
Yes, he had a talking chair doctor for a radio an angry turtle for an iron and drove the stone wheeled car
And if he wanted to say ride down the street with his family, that would be to the courtesy of his two feet
Yeah, that's the lady join us next week as we examine the remains of this being an ass
Did the dinosaur thing and wear a t-shirt?
That's why we're in here a knocky totally senile
I'm looking from the side of that gentle plant eating apatosaurus. I'd say we're in prehistoric times
They do on TV
Anything by it. That's why you need the web's worst dictionary of grunt. Oh, uh, how?
Are maybe you could feel I don't know look it up and they say he's the one with the primitive brain
Now why I'm hungry
That's the web's worst dictionary of grunt translations don't evolve without it
Well, that table sous-sigus law really blocks my booty. Yeah, he's the ancient ancestor of our dad
Move your butto sorris wreck. You're blocking the cave wall. Hey, it's a TV drama
That's a favorite among prehistoric Cubesans. It's Beverly Hills 90210 BC foreign place
Channeling is nothing on a fortune. That's all the time. We have good. I
Wait a minute, aren't you gonna at least spin something? I'm afraid that's impossible. The wheel hasn't been invented yet
Also impossible. We have no written language. Well, then what do you do? We drill a lot pick life off each other and eat them
I can't imagine any creatures dumber than that starts like looking muddy and slick with love my tar pit
Love my target removes seven stains like wild life and neighborhood children as well as the odors left behind by their decomposing bodies
Honey, we'll be filling the pond again, but thanks to love my top it will be feasting on feline tonight
From the makers of the deodorant spray love my armpit
No way last time there was a huge crow magnum guy blocking my view that can happen at the early man's multiplex
We've got 36 keys. This place is a hole in the wall. What's going?
We've got previews of the harvest, but it won't be released to the similar
We've evolved in the farmer so at the moment all we've got is the hunt. That's it
Well, it is unweighted director's cut. Oh, honey, that means they haven't drawn any animal pelts on a stick figures yet
Let's go. All right
We'll take two tickets on a large bucket of locus hold the butterflies have a good time
And don't forget the number one wool never you'll fire in a cave because people could get hurt
That's ahead of its time about love
Five to dad. He's a diving partner to Steve. He's a playmaker
To Tony. He's a best friend when I grow up you me can travel around the world
But Andre just wants to be one of the family. He's got a place like a base for the Red Sox
Andre
Based on a true story rated PG special previews this Saturday August 13th and Sunday August 14th check newspapers for matinees
For a great new taste. Welcome to Burger King. Hi. What's this new bacon maker Supreme?
It's delicious a third pound of flame-brawled beef and I really need to have one with crispy bacon
I love bacon melted cheese lettuce and tomato. I'm starving. This is torture. I have one
Yes, sir, but what do you mind eating it where I don't have to watch the new flame-brawl bacon maker supreme more great taste for more
Great value at Burger King. Is it break time yet?
We now return to roundhouse and snick only on
Judging from where the Sun is in the sky it's still BC
Silence behold I bring ye the kids ten commandments the ten rules every child to live by holy Moses
Hey, it's Jerry Garcia
First commandment thou shall not point it at people. Hey, your blitz is on fire
Second commandment never interrupt the word of the holy man. Hey, dude. Can you do that thing when you put the oceans in house?
Third commandment. Thou shall not ask for something without using the magic word
Where did you get the broken stock?
Pick at ye not thy nose
pick thee not with thy mouth full and
Play no games where I can focus an eye out and I'll tear
Just tuck in your shirt and stop playing that joke on the radio
How did you get to 1994?
Town could be
Convincing it's this silent but deadly opponent. It's the most noble and flat-skinned slave of all
It's sensitive to battle the lion for us four. Try to like one and burn down all of room
This is the ball
Thomas fell in love with San Francisco that city by the bay
the sights the people and a delicious roll
What's that?
Sawadol introducing Wendy's Sawadol bacon cheeseburger
It's a San Francisco style roll stuffed with a quarter pound of fresh beef Monterey Jack bacon and Dijon sauce
Come to Wendy's and try one soon
Hopefully Dave will be back by then
Hey MCI customers
It sounds so easy to get big savings with all those MCI friends and family plans
But first you got to give out a list of names and numbers of your friends and family
Keep that list up to date
And after all that anytime you call someone not on your list
You won't save anything at all. You may even have to pay up to $36 a year in fees. Why bother?
Now for a simple way to save from AT&T with true USA savings spend $25 a month
Subtract 20% off your AT&T bill
Guaranteed to switch to AT&T call 1 800 pick ATT get true USA savings
Then you're free to call anyone anytime anywhere in the US and save 20%
No lists no fees no group walk will even switch you for free. All you got to do is call AT&T
If you're thinking about skipping this year's walk to the cure you better hop to it and register now
Everyone knows this annual fundraiser for juvenile diabetes is a real ball and let's face it
Walking a few miles isn't exactly going to the mood and back
Even if you're a tapped out you can get your friends and co-workers to pledge a donation for every mile you walk
So call the juvenile diabetes Foundation and registered today
We're going the extra mile to find the cure for diabetes, but the most important two feet belong to you
No, but from the boring music and the stuffy announcer, I say we're on public television
There came a time in history when things were not going particularly well for civilization
A time when knowledge took a backseat to barbarism a time now known as the dog ages
Oh
There was a lesser known time when man was at his breakfast
He developed ripped abdominals and wore his britches lower than was previously thought possible
Of course, I'm referring to the mocking mark ages. No, no, no nothing comes between me and my
Covenants well for painting that masterpiece on the ceiling. No way Jose. We're no more for our work outside the system
Yeah, we're graffiti artists. So we got a show happening in the down the town up a town
I mean you're responsible for that still on the wall the crusades
Awfully dirty spreading a message of love while hacking to death non-believing heathens great
But does search get out ground in blood of blasphemers or the eviscerated bowels of pagans?
Well, they dang well better because if they don't you can beat them
Wow, you made a convert out of me
Guarantee to get your clothes clean or die trying
He was that a trumpet calling you out to fight. No, that was my rumpet washing clothes again and that's just bad
Now there's a chance to change our parents for the better people mom
You must learn not to dumb it's known for predicting the rise and fall of great nations or it's the guys from VZ top I
Predict the one day a red-headed actor will become president of the United States and his name is Ronald
McDonald
Nostradamus. No, that's right. He's my cousin. I'm Nostradamus. Hey mysterious bearded dude. Could you help us get home?
Okay. Oh, there's an ancient ritual. You put your right foot in you put your right foot out
You put your right foot in and then you shake it all
Hey, that's a hokey pokey. Oh, right. I forgot
Oh, I see you have the great blender of wearing
Well, all you need to do with that some milk a banana some crust ice and that'll get us home
Not only that but it makes one heck of a smoothie
I was reprieve the theme song and roll the credits wait. I'm trying to watch Canadian rules mud-rusting for crying out loud
Mom, I don't know but I hope dad's okay. Oh fish. I am fine. It's still little missy now
You get your to-to on you're gonna be late for Father Sunday at your ballerina class. I'm in ballet
Not just in it. You're the prima ballerina
You better get going now. You're gonna miss the big tobacco spitting content
But do me one favor before you go. I got more gas than the Hindenburg
Here for part two of the history of the any family the dramatic comedic conclusion of this too far groundhouse same time
Next Sunday night right here on Nick now stay tuned for a new Nick news
Special edition to watch with your family. It's called when bad things happen next on Nick news
California